1. Create an array of 10 integer and display their item in numbered list using for of loop.

2. Create an array of 10 String and display their item in unordered list using for in loop.

3. Create an array of some value and display their results in square using forEach() method.

4. Create an array of some String and display their each char in '-' separated.

5. Create an array of some floating value and display their value and their index in unordered list using forEach() method.

6. Write a js code to create an array of integers, Accept the number of the array from user using prompt() , display all array elements in ordered list using forEach() method.

7. Accept the alement to be searched in the array from user . Check weather the element is present and if present at which index.

8. Sort the number on numeric values using Named function.

9. Create the array of fruits name and Display all the names in alphabetical order.

10. Display the sum , average of the array of integer value using reduce() method.

11. Check weather all the numbers are even.

12. Check weather all numbers are prime.

13. Create an array take value from user through prompt and sort value in ascending order.

14. Declare an array take input from user and generate maximum and minimum number and display in browser.

15. Create 2 arrays of even and odd numbers (use filter fn).

16. Create an array for taking input from user through prompt() and display values in bulleted list using anonyomous fn.

17. Use reduce to calculate factorial of a given number from an array of first n natural numbers ( n being the number whose factorial needs to be calculated).

18. create an array of cube  of given numbers.

19. Write a js code which take input from user and find their factorial numbers.

20. There are two arrays with individual values. Write a JavaScript program to compute the sum of each individual index value in the given array.
Sample array :
array1 = [1,0,2,3,4];
array2 = [3,5,6,7,8,13];
Expected Output :
[4, 5, 8, 10, 12, 13]


